New entry for JavaScript dates getTime method (#2409)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/getTime/getTime.md

---
Title: '.getTime()' 

> Description: 'Returns the number of milliseconds since 1st January 1970' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the number of milliseconds since 1st January 1970.' 
```

Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
Tags: 
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent: 

>   - 'path/web-development'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'path/web-development'
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
```
Generally we have two entries for CatalogContent, one free, one paid.

Author: Ah ok noted thanks I wasn't sure about that will update accordingly

---

The **`getTime()`** method returns the number of milliseconds since the 1st of January 1970.

## Syntax

```js
myDate.getTime()
```

The returned value from `getTime()` is an number value showing the number of milliseconds since the 1st January 1970.

## Example

> 

Reviewer: Once you edit the example to do something with the result of the function, add a sentence introducing the example and explaining what it does.

```js
const today = new Date()

> today.getTime()

Reviewer: You're not doing anything with the result in the example. You should at least print it to the console.

---
Title: '.getTime()' 

> Description: 'Returns the number of milliseconds since 1st January 1970.' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the number of milliseconds since the 1st January 1970.' 
```

Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
Tags: 
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent: 

>   - 'path/web-development'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/web-development'
```

  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
---

The **`getTime()`** method returns the number of milliseconds since the 1st of January 1970.

## Syntax

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

myDate.getTime()
```

> The returned value from `getTime()` is an number value showing the number of milliseconds since the 1st January 1970.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The returned value from `.getTime()` is a value representing the number of milliseconds since the 1st January 1970.
```

## Example

> In the example the variable `today` creates a new Date with the `getTime` method and logs the result to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example the variable `today` holds the number of milliseconds from 1/1/1970 to the current date created by using the `getTime()` method on a new `Date` and logs the result to the console.
```

Author: Noted thank you description updated

> In the example the variable `today` stores the number of milliseconds from 1/1/1970 to the current time created using by the `getTime()` method on a new `Date` and logs the result to the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example the variable `today` stores the number of milliseconds from 1/1/1970 to the current time created using by the `.getTime()` method on a new `Date` and logs the result to the console.
```

> ```js

Reviewer 2: It may be beneficial to adjust the example to use a specific date, so that there is a fixed result, and include a shell block with the output.

Author: I've updated the example as suggested but I don't know what shell block means? Is that a codebyte option? @caupolicandiaz

Reviewer: @cguttweb It's just a code block like this:
````
```shell
output
```
````
